These are files containing code of alpha version of Overlord turn
processing engine. It was used for running aplha-test game.
Version 0.9.0
Date 22-feb-2010

                
		1. Functionality.

This version supports main functionality but part of "special" rules are not implemented.


		
		2. Compillation and building

			make -f OverlordMakefile

			executable file is "Overlord"
			
			Code is cross-platform. It may be compliled with GCC, MSVC and BC.
			You may need to set flags NOLRAND48 or GCC_OLD 
		
		
		
		3. Using sample game settings
		
directory game contains sample game setting.		

		4. Building new game

Before running engine (Overlord) you should set game directories and configuration.

File "overlord.config" contains configuration parameters. It should be placed in the same directory as executable file.
The most important of configuration parameters are: GAMEDIR and PLAYERSDIR - these should be set 
according to your's directories containing rulefiles, entities data and players subdirectories.

GAMEDIR is a directory where engine will look for game rulefiles (*.rules and *.var)
 Rules are:
		titles.rules
		terrains.rules
		races.rules
		constructions.rules
		fx_actions.rules
		effects.rules
		enchantments.rules
		items.rules
		skills.rules
		seasons.rules
		weathers.rules
  Varieties are:
		stances.var
		movements.var
		directions.var
		equipments.var
		construction_works.var
		combat_stances.var
		combat_moves.var
		combat_ranks.var
		combat_files.var
		damage_type.var
		combat_target.var

PLAYERSDIR is a directory where engine will look for orders and where it will place reports.
	For each faction there should be subdirectory in PLAYERSDIR, containing orders file.
	Orders file should be named orders.n, where n is number of turn.

UNITSFILE FACTIONSFILE LOCATIONSFILE BUILDINGSFILE  are names of configuration variables keeping names of files containing entities data
(units.dat, buildings.dat, effects.dat, factions.dat and locations.dat data).
combat.dat is used for combat simulations.

GAME is a name of game. File "name of the game".dat will keep some game data. (For instance "T1.dat")

TURN  is current turn. It should be identical to extention of order files.
	so if TURN is 5 you should name order file order.5
	

  5. Documentation

	OverlordRules.html (RulesNew.txt) contain current overlord rules.
	DesignDoc.html - contain explanation of overlord engine design.
	CombatDesign.txt - contain explanation of overlord combat engine design.
	HowTo.txt explains how to add new functionality to the game engine



  6. Running the game.
  
  The game may be run either as PBeM game or as Client-Server application
  Code for Client and Server may be found in PBMClient and PBMServer directories.
